Use OS Truststore in corporate HTTPS inspection proxies (#13075)
conda/conda: docs/source/user-guide/troubleshooting.rst

If not, run: ``conda update conda``

Try using the operating system certificate store. Set you ``ssl_verify`` variable to ``truststore``
using the following command::

    conda config --set ssl_verify truststore

> If using the OS certificate store does not solve your issue, temporarily set your ``ssl_verify`` variable
> to false, upgrade the requests package, and then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using the operating system certificate store does not solve your issue, temporarily
set your ``ssl_verify`` variable to false, upgrade the requests package, and then
```

Reviewer 2: This suggestion is odd without a minimum supported version of the requests package?

Author: I agree with you it is odd. However it appeared like that on the troubleshooting guide, so I did not want to change it without reason. If I had to guess the reason behind this "update requests" is that the upgrade of the requests package may pull  an upgraded certificate bundle, that may address the connection issue.
